URL: https://www.laborum.cl/empleos/technical-consultant-salesforce-1118419287.html
EMPRESA: ADvendio
UBICACION: Viña del Mar, Región V
TIPO: Full-time - Remoto

DESCRIPCIÓN:
ADvendio is the industry-leading Revenue OS powered by Salesforce. Built on decades of deep expertise and proven operational logic, ADvendio provides the profit-focused rules and secure infrastructure that allow the world’s most sophisticated media companies to turn intelligence into revenue. As a Salesforce-native solution, ADvendio extends agentic reasoning into real-world execution, ensuring data sovereignty and enterprise precision for omnichannel management.As a Technical Consultant at ADvendio, you will play a pivotal role in supporting the successful implementation and optimization of ADvendio solutions for clients.This role is responsible for preparing, executing and maintaining the technical configuration and setup of ADvendio solutions. You will be configuring systems according to provided requirements, implementing automations, data management and data migrations, while performing quality checks, and documenting each configuration step to ensure accuracy, consistency and success across client implementations.Key Responsibilities: Configuring, customizing and maintaining system configurations as per client requirements. Documenting configuration steps and system updates to maintain clear records. Conducting tests on configurations to ensure they meet technical standards and client specifications before the final handover. Assisting with the managing and updating client-related configuration data within ADvendio’s internal systems. Setting up reports and dashboards. Troubleshooting and resolving end-user issues regarding system functionality. Implementing automation through Salesforce Automation technologies (Like Flows, Apex,etc.) Planning and performing data migrations. Working with ADvendio Consultants, developers and customers to understand client requirements. Participating in Agile Project teams and ceremonies. Providing training on ADvendio usage to customers. Staying current on Salesforce platform updates and best practices to proactively recommend improvements.Qualifications and requirements: Advanced level of English (written and spoken) 2+ years of hands-on experience configuring and managing Salesforce CRM (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, or other relevant modules). Strong understanding of Salesforce architecture. Salesforce Automation technologies like Flows, Apex, etc. Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders. Salesforce Administrator Certification or equivalent experience.